[SHY]
Oh, oh no.
I'm gonna have to call
an employee
to come help me.
I'll be fine.
I can do this.
I'll just call for them
as loud as I can.
Ready, and--
Excuse me.
Hey, um, excuse me.
Excuse me,
is there anybody around--
I don't know why,
but I always cry
when this happens.
Maybe I should put
everything back and go home.
Ow. Sorry to keep you.
I hope you weren't
waiting too long,
my back was giving me a...
What's this?
[CHIHIRO] My, if it isn't
the Momijiyama's girl, Teru!
I haven't seen you in ages!
-Look how big you've gotten!
-Oh, yeah.
[CHIHIRO] I remember you
coming in here
with Mei all the time.
Uh-huh. Looks like
you're doing well, Chihiro.
[CHIHIRO]
Oo! Ow, ow, my back!
[SHY]
Or maybe not.
Um, are you all right?
[CHIHIRO]
No, unfortunately I'm not.
[Chihiro groans]
[CHIHIRO]
I'm really sorry.
My lower back pain's giving me
a lot of trouble lately.
Huh?
It seems like it would be
a whole lot of work
to be running this shop
all by yourself.
You're quite right. Ever since
my husband passed away,
it's been just me.
[CHIHIRO]
Oh! You hadn't heard?
He got sick and passed away
about three years ago now.
[groans]
It's been rather lonely
running this store by myself.
[CHIHIRO] He originally started
this little shop as a hobby,
but now that he's gone,
it's the only thing
I have left.
But nowadays,
we hardly get any customers
coming to a little place
like this one.
And that just makes it feel
all the lonelier.
It's no wonder my back's
giving out on me, eh?
[laughs]
Sorry.
So, tell me, what was it
that brought you by today?
Just browsing?
[SHY] Ah, no.
[CHIHIRO] Huh?
[SHY]
Honestly, it's that.
I realized how beautiful
Mt. Tanpopo looked today.
Then I remembered that
there was
a really pretty painting of it
here in this shop.
[CHIHIRO] Ah. My husband
painted that, you know.
That man had a special place
in his heart for the mountains.
Rain or shine, he and I
would go climbing every year.
I continued to go hiking
even after he passed away.
[CHIHIRO]
However, I don't think
it's in the cards this year.
[CHIHIRO] Ow, ow, ow! Ooh,
my back! [SHY] What's going on?
[CHIHIRO] It's seizing up again!
Ow! [SHY] Are you okay?
[sighs]
[SHY] I guess
I haven't been paying attention
to things outside of hero work.
I wish there was something
I could do.
But it's not as if I can cure
Chihiro's injury or anything.
[SHRIMPY] Teru,
is something the matter?
[Shy sighs]
[SHY] I'm a complete
and total failure.
I haven't been able to use
my fire powers
since my fight with Stardust.
[SHRIMPY] You'll learn
to control them with time.
[doorbell]
[SHY] Huh?
[SHRIMPY] Huh?
[SHY]
Uh, yes?
Huh?
Oh, you're--!
[SHY] Who're you?
[LADY BLACK] Me! Stupid!
[SHY] That doesn't help.
[LADY BLACK]
Even in the darkest abyss
where there's no light.
Bet on Black
to be by your side.
I am Earth's
shining black star!
The light that shines
on the hearts of the word!
I'm the Black Cross Nurse.
I am Lady Black!
I'll never give up on life,
remember that.
Huh?
Are you stupid?
Oh, Piltz, it's you!
Did you come all this way
from Switzerland?
[LADY BLACK]
I'm the one who treated you,
so I came to do a follow up
and see how you were doing!
[FEMALE NEIGHBOR 5A]
Who is that girl?
I wonder if something happened.
[LADY BLACK]
Can I come in?
It's getting weird out here.
[SHY]
Oh! Uh, sure!
[LADY BLACK]
You feel any pain?
[SHY]
No, I'm fine.
All right. Any other pain?
Not really?
[chuckles] Way to go, me!
You made a perfect recovery.
The power of healing
is awesome.
Healing.
Huh? Excuse me.
I have a favor to ask!
Huh? Like what?
[SHY]
Well, the thing is--.
Come to think of it,
it's not really a favor.
It's more like a request.
Listen! I'm going home!
You got that?
Why would I ever take a request
from a dummy like you?
[LADY BLACK]
How stupid can you get?
Hello there!
[LADY BLACK]
My name's Piltz.
I'm an acquaintance of Teru's,
and I wanted to come see
if I could help.
Whatever did you want
help with, dear?
No, I came to help you
with that back injury
since I'm a nursing student.
Oh, really?
Well, that's very kind.
I'm afraid
there's not very much room,
but feel free
to come on in, girls.
Thanks, we appreciate it.
Hey, Piltz?
Thanks for doing this.
I'm not doing this for you,
so quit thanking me already,
stupid.
Normally, we shouldn't even be
using our hero abilities
for any personal reasons.
But I can't just sit by
and ignore her pain.
[CHIHIRO] I feel a bit guilty
having a young'un like you
help me out like this.
No need to feel guilty!
I really love
looking after people.
[CHIHIRO]
By the way, Miss Piltz?
[LADY BLACK]
Yes?
[CHIHIRO] Do you think
it'll still be a problem for me
to hike up the mountain
if the pain goes away?
You wanna go hike?
The mountain was a very
special place
for my husband and I.
I hoped one day
I'd be able to climb it again.
[CHIHIRO]
You think I can?
Hiking sounds great!
A lack of exercise
is awful for your health.
[LADY BLACK]
I'm a bit worried about you
climbing a mountain
by yourself, though.
So, the two of us
will accompany you!
[SHY] Huh?
Huh?
Perfect hiking weather!
It's beautiful out!
What's up? Why've you got
that dumb look on your face?
[SHY]
Oh, it's just that I'm not
super good at outdoorsy stuff.
I'm sure it's kinda obvious,
but I usually prefer to just
stay inside, you know?
Ugh. Whatever.
Just come on.
No need to push yourself, Teru.
'Kay. I'll do my best.
[breathing heavily]
[CHIHIRO]
Mm, oh.
I swear, it's like magic
or something, Miss Piltz!
Whatever you did,
my back's good as new!
Please make sure
you don't overdo it, all right?
Hey. Umm..
Hey, Piltz, so uh...
Do, do you go hiking up
mountains a lot?
It's just,
you seem really used
to this is all.
Yeah, I did.
I used to hike every day.
[SHY] Oh, wow.
Then I guess you really
love mountains, huh?
-I don't.
-Huh?
[LADY BLACK] I hate mountains
and climbing with a passion.
There were these jerks
who made fun of me
and said I couldn't do it.
So, I climbed every day
to prove them wrong.
[SHY] But why would
they laugh at you
if you were trying
your best?
You suck at sports, right?
Well, I guess so.
[LADY BLACK]
You like to go hiking?
[SHY] No.
[LADY BLACK] Do you think you
can make it up to the summit?
[SHY] No, um,
I don't think I can.
What do you say we get going?
[LADY BLACK]
I'll answer your question
if I see your dumb face
at the top, all right?
[SHY] Huh?
[Shy breathing heavily]
Hey.
So, um, about what you said.
Shhh!
Let's go talk someplace
where we won't disturb
Miss Nagata.
Sure, okay.
[LADY BLACK] You took forever
getting up here.
What the heck
were you even doing?
[SHY] Oh, thanks.
[sighs]
That's better.
I was about to die.
No, you weren't.
This mountain
isn't very big at all.
Since I made it to the top,
do you mind answerin'
my question from before?
Sure, I guess,
but it's not exactly
a fun story to hear.
That's okay,
I just don't get
why people would laugh at you.
[SHY] Huh?
[LADY BLACK] I lost
both my legs in an accident
when I was little
But you climbed all the way up
like it was nothing.
Darn right!
I hiked every day to prove
that I could.
It doesn't matter where you
might go in the world.
There will always be idiots
who laugh at people
that they perceive to be
weaker than them.
[LADY BLACK]
Where I'm from in Switzerland,
there are a ton of mountains.
I always felt as if the world
was trying to trap me inside.
It pissed me off
'cause it felt like
other people were deciding
what I could do.
So, I chose to
take on the world
with my own two legs.
There's not a mountain
anywhere in the world
that I can't conquer.
Even someone like you
made it up here.
You should believe
in yourself more.
[LADY BLACK] I'll admit.
I'm a little impressed.
Really, Piltz?
Hey, I only said "little".
You need to train more!
You stupid weakling!
[CHIHIRO]
Hey, are you two ready?
[BOTH] Huh?
[CHIHIRO] What do you say
we start heading down?
[LADY BLACK]
Oh, sure!
[CHIHIRO] It really
is beautiful today, isn't it?
[LADY BLACK]
Sure is!
Why're you just sitting there?
We'll leave you behind!
[SHY]
Okay, coming!
[CHIHIRO] Thank you both
so much for today.
Feel free to come
visit the shop
any time, girls.
[SHY] Sure!
I'll come again soon.
[CHIHIRO] Sounds nice.
Have a good night!
[SHY]
Hey, um,
thank you for helping Chihiro.
I didn't do anything special
You did. I got to see
that you're the kind of person
who can heal everybody
that you meet.
Even without your powers.
[LADY BLACK] You're just
stating the obvious.
Stupid.
But well,
I guess I wouldn't mind
helping you
to become a better hero.
If that's something
you'd be open to.
[SHY] Huh?
I'm mostly just worried about
Miss Nagata, though,
so I'll just come by
every once in a while.
[LADY BLACK]
Smell ya later!
[smiles]
[SHY] Maybe someday,
I'll conquer my own mountain.
[SHY] Shy!
[SHY] Fire!
[SHRIMPY] You'll be late
if you don't leave soon, Teru.
[SHY] Please,
don't watch my secret training!
Piltz was able to use her
healing powers on Chihiro
without her Heart-shifting
into her hero form.
I wonder if I'll be able to use
my heart's power
in a similar way.
Hiya. Good morning!
[Shy sighs]
Momijiyama?
Oh, hey, Koishikawa,
good morning!
I was just thinking...
Wait, what're you wearing?
[SHY] Your uniform.
Oh, yeah, you mean this?
They finally sent me
my school uniform!
It's great! You're so cute!
[laughs]
[IKO]
So, what's up, space cadet?
Is something wrong?
I'm happy to help if I can.
Uh, I'm fine.
[SHY] I can't talk
to Koishikawa about this.
Not after I said
all that embarrassing stuff
about getting stronger
the other day.
Good morning, Koishikawa.
Huh? Mornin'!
Good meowning,
Momijiyama!
[SHY]
Yeah, good morning.
[INUYAMA] By the way,
you look super cute
in that uniform.
[NEKOGAWA]
Is your leg all better?
[IKO] Oh! Yeah.
it's much better now.
[SHY] No matter what,
I have to figure out
how to control my powers.
[SHY] Fire.
Fire.
Fire!
Fire. Fire. Fire?
Fire.
I was so distracted
that I couldn't concentrate
during any classes!
[IKO] Not heading home yet,
Momijiyama?
No, not yet.
[SHY] I-I thought I'd stay
after school for a bit.
[IKO] Gotcha.
Well, I'll see ya tomorrow!
[SHY] I don't wanna make
Koishikawa worry about me.
I have to figure out
my powers on my own.
[WALLA: SPORTS TEAM]
Fight on!
[SHY] Fire.
Flames of passion?
Huh?
The way the character
for "flame" is written
feels warm somehow.
I guess the word "flame"
feels hotter
than the word "fire".
What's the difference between
flames and fire, anyway?
Are they different sizes?
Or maybe they're
the same thing.
[NOPPO]
Hey, did you need something?
Huh? [gasps]
[NOPPO] Huh?
Oh, no, I was just..
I was thinking that I really
liked how the word
"flame" was written here,
that's all!
This is the one that I did.
I'm glad you like it.
Calligraphy club.
Do you wanna come?
Oh, no, I...
Uh, sure. Let's go.
Hey, Prez.
[SHY] I can't be
wasting time like this.
Wait there a second.
[SHY] Huh?
Done.
Huh?
Who's your friend?
She came to watch.
[PRESIDENT]
To watch? But why our club?
She said that
she liked my calligraphy.
Oh, yeah.
So, she ain't a bad person.
Well, everyone is welcome
at the calligraphy club,
so go ahead
and make yourself at home.
[SHY] Huh?
Sure.
[SHY] She has such good posture
when she's about to write.
[PRESIDENT]
I'm curious.
What is it you like about
the "flame" calligraphy?
Oh. It, um.
[PRESIDENT] I get the feeling
you're new to calligraphy.
Honestly, I'm not really sure
what it was exactly.
[SHY] That one caught my eye
when I was walking past it,
and maybe it's strange
to say this.
But it was like
there was actual heat
coming off the page.
[PRESIDENT] That's a really
unique way of putting it.
I sound really weird, don't I?
[chuckles] Not at all,
I think it makes
a lot of sense,
it does to me at least.
On the outside, she can seem
like the unmotivated type,
but her calligraphy
is actually really delicate
[PRESIDENT] It's got a lot
of passion in it.
Whatever you're feeling inside
comes out in what you write.
Could you quiet down?
[PRESIDENT] You're the one
who invited her to observe.
Sure, but you guys are still
bein' kinda distracting.
Your thoughts on it?
Looks good!
Next time, aim for balance.
'Kay.
Mm, what do you think?
I don't know as much about
this stuff as you two do.
But your writing feels
warm to me.
[SHY]
I mean, I like it a lot.
Cool. I'm glad that you do.
[laughs]
Looks to me like somebody's
pretty happy.
Oh, just shut up already.
Do you wanna give it a try?
Since you're already here.
No, I dunno if I..
-Huh?
-Try everything.
[NOPPO]
Even if you suck at first.
[SHY]
What do I do?
Um, I think..
I think that this one
turned out pretty well.
Mm-hmm. I see a lot of passion
in your calligraphy, too.
-Yeah
-[SHY] You really think so?
This is just my theory,
but I believe that calligraphy
connects to your heart
more than any other
art form out there.
Huh? You paint from your heart?
[PRESIDENT] Yup.
You only have one brush,
and there are no do overs.
So, you have to focus carefully
on each movement.
The things you want to express
from your heart
pass through your arm.
They move into the brush,
and eventually become
a character on the page.
The piece is born out of each
careful flick of the wrist.
It's like the very essence
of your heart.
That's it!
[SHY]
That's right!
If I want to bring out
what's in my heart.
This idea might be
the perfect way to do it.
I, um, have to go home!
-[PRESIDENT] Huh?
-Thank you both.
I really appreciate
you helping me!
[PRESIDENT] Sure.
What do you think got into her?
-Huh?
-What is it?
[NOPPO] I forgot to ask her
for her name.
[PRESIDENT]
Come to think of it,
we didn't tell her ours,
either.
[SHRIMPY] Teru.
What are you doing?
I'm going to write
with my heart.
[SHY]
All right. It can't be random.
I need to focus on each stroke.
I have to take
what's in my heart
and let it flow onto the page.
How do I feel right now?
Am I panicking?
Or am I scared?
Picture it.
Do it over, and over.
It doesn't matter how I feel.
I've got to...
let it out in my writing.
Oh, wow!
[SHY] I did it!
Even I can succeed
if I work at it!
I'm so glad I didn't give up!
[SHRIMPY]
Teru. Hey!
-Huh?
-[SHRIMPY] It's on fire!
[gasps]
[SHY]
Sh-Shrimpy! Get some water!
[SHRIMPY] Huh?
♪